README.md, before:


# Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Quiz

A project aimed at re-creating the original quiz from the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Saga.

All of the assets have been re-created based on the original ones.

Current deployment page: https://theredblood53.github.io/Pokemon-Mystery-Dungeon-Quiz

# Changelog
### Version 1.0.2
Changelog:

-Added missing "è" and "é" letters to the font

### Version 1.0.1
Changelog:

-Fixed some errors i forgot to check

### Version 1.0
Changelog:

-Added the 3rd and final quiz, the Explorers of Time one

-Modified a bit the borders

### Version 0.4
Changelog:

-Added Explorers of Time/Darkness quiz to the site, i was debating if doing it or not, but i decided to do it in the end.

-Added a bunch, if not all the missing icons

Working on the Explorers of Sky quiz now, then the main goal of the project will be complete

### Version 0.3.1
Changelog:

-Made the images high-res

-Fixed 2 typos in the javascript file

-Made it display the boy/girl option at the end

### Version 0.3
Changelog:

-Added all of the pokèmon images

-Added a check to output the images of the pokèmons

To be fixed:

-Center the images

-Increase the images quality

### Version 0.2.2
Changelog:

-All the remaining questions have been added for the first quiz

### Version 0.2.1
Changelog:

-Fixed the points system, just needed to change the name of a variable

### Version 0.2
Changelog:

-Fixed the Random Generation of the Questions along with their answers

-Added a result screen that show the personality you got

-Changed a src that pointed to a non-existent image, problem that carried over from an old build i had on my pc

-Changed the .jpg to .png

-Removed code that generated a non-working audio box on load


To Fix:

-The result is always "Brave", will fix it in a later release

To Add/Change in a later version:

-Need to add an Explorers of Sky image

-Need to change the font of the text in the buttons

-Need to make the buttons different when hovered over

-Should find a way to add Music

### Version 0.1
-The first files have been added to github

Commit message:

Version 2.0
Changelog:
-Added Music!

-Added a different textbox color for EOT/EOD quiz

-Added the "End of Quiz" Speech for all tests

-Added game names in the main page

-Added a button to go back to the homepage after a quiz

-Modified the chains of if else with switch statements in the javascript code

-Modified the code in general so it looks cleaner

-Modified the name of files

README.md, after:


# Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Quiz

A project aimed at re-creating the original quiz from the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Saga.

Background video and all the Pokemon portraits have been re-created based on the original ones.

Questions, Answers and results data have all been taken from the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Fandom Wiki: https://pokemon.fandom.com/wiki/Starter_Pokémon_(Mystery_Dungeon)

Current deployment page: https://theredblood53.github.io/Pokemon-Mystery-Dungeon-Quiz

# Changelog

### Version 2.0
Changelog:

-Added Music!

-Added a different textbox color for EOT/EOD quiz

-Added the "End of Quiz" Speech for all tests

-Added game names in the main page

-Added a button to go back to the homepage after a quiz

-Modified the chains of if else with switch statements in the javascript code

-Modified the code in general so it looks cleaner

-Modified the name of files

### Version 1.2
Changelog:

-Added missing "è" and "é" letters to the font

### Version 1.1
Changelog:

-Fixed some errors i forgot to check

### Version 1.0
Changelog:

-Added the 3rd and final quiz, the Explorers of Time one

-Modified a bit the borders

### Version 0.4
Changelog:

-Added Explorers of Time/Darkness quiz to the site, i was debating if doing it or not, but i decided to do it in the end.

-Added a bunch, if not all the missing icons

Working on the Explorers of Sky quiz now, then the main goal of the project will be complete

### Version 0.3.1
Changelog:

-Made the images high-res

-Fixed 2 typos in the javascript file

-Made it display the boy/girl option at the end

### Version 0.3
Changelog:

-Added all of the pokèmon images

-Added a check to output the images of the pokèmons

To be fixed:

-Center the images

-Increase the images quality

### Version 0.2.2
Changelog:

-All the remaining questions have been added for the first quiz

### Version 0.2.1
Changelog:

-Fixed the points system, just needed to change the name of a variable

### Version 0.2
Changelog:

-Fixed the Random Generation of the Questions along with their answers

-Added a result screen that show the personality you got

-Changed a src that pointed to a non-existent image, problem that carried over from an old build i had on my pc

-Changed the .jpg to .png

-Removed code that generated a non-working audio box on load


To Fix:

-The result is always "Brave", will fix it in a later release

To Add/Change in a later version:

-Need to add an Explorers of Sky image

-Need to change the font of the text in the buttons

-Need to make the buttons different when hovered over

-Should find a way to add Music

### Version 0.1
-The first files have been added to github
